foundamental support for structuring element concept (#65)
JuliaImages/ImageMorphology.jl: docs/src/structuring_element.md

```@setup concept_se
using ImageMorphology
using ImageBase
using TestImages
```

# Structuring element

> Structuring Element (SE) is the key concept in morphology to indicate the connectivity and the

Author: I'll add another example to illustrate the difference between `extreme_filter` and `mapwindow` in #72, if that's what you're expecting.

its neighborhood values `A[p-1]` and `A[p+1]`, we call this type of operation a _neighborhood
image transformation_.

Now comes the question: **if we try to generalize the `erode` function, what should we do?** --
we would like to generalize the concept of "neighborhood".

## Two neighborhood representations

By saying "$\Omega_p$ is the neighborhodd of $p$", we are expressing `p in Ωₚ` in plain Julia. For
performance consideration, this `Ωₚ` is usually generated from the `(p, Ω)` pair; we call this
template `Ω` a _structuring element_. There are two ways to expressing this `Ω`:

- **displacement offset**: a list of `CartesianIndex` to inidcate the offset to the center point `p`
- **connectivity mask**: a bool array mask to indicate the connectivity to the center point `p`

For instance, in the following code block we build a commonly named C4 connectivity in the 2-dimensional case:

```@example concept_se
# displacement offset
Ω_offsets = [
    CartesianIndex(-1, 0),
    CartesianIndex(0, -1),
    CartesianIndex(0, 1),
    CartesianIndex(1, 0),
]

# connectivity mask
Ω_bool = Bool[
    0 1 0
    1 1 1
    0 1 0
]

> nothing #hide

Reviewer: For conceptual consistency perhaps we should consider making this have axes `(-1:1, -1:1)`.

nothing #hide
```

If `p=(3, 3)`, then we know `p=(3, 4)` is in `Ωₚ`.

> Now back to the erosion example, based on the displacement offset representation, the simplest

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, back to the erosion example. Based on the displacement offset representation, the simplest
```

generic version of `erode` can be implemented quite simply:

```@example concept_se
# Illustration purpose only, do not use this in your real-world project
function my_erode(A, Ω)
    out = similar(A)
    R = CartesianIndices(A)
    for p in R
        Ωₚ = filter!(q->in(q, R), Ref(p) .+ Ω)
        # here we don't assume p in Ωₚ
        out[p] = min(A[p], minimum(A[Ωₚ]))
    end
    return out
end
nothing #hide
```

```@example concept_se
using ImageMorphology
using ImageCore
using TestImages

img = Gray.(testimage("morphology_test_512"))
img = Gray.(img .< 0.8)
img_e = my_erode(img, Ω_offsets)
mosaic(img, img_e; nrow=1)
```

> As you may realize, the displacement offset representation is convinient to use when implementing
> algorithms, but it is hard to visualize. In contrast, the connectivity mask is not so convinient to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you may realize, the displacement offset representation is convenient to use when implementing
algorithms, but it is hard to visualize. In contrast, the connectivity mask is not so convenient to
```

understand the following SE at the first glance:

```@example concept_se
Ω = Bool[1 1 1; 1 1 0; 0 0 0] # hide
```

but not

```@example concept_se

> strel(CartesianIndex, Ω) # hide

Reviewer: `strel` hasn't been mentioned yet, so it's not clear whether this should be easy or difficult to comprehend.

Author: There is a carefully used `# hide` mark so that only the output is shown here:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8684355/167310098-d3e3e207-3488-4e9a-b1d9-f5e035b8d292.png" width=512>

```

## The `strel` function

This package supports both representations via the [`strel`](@ref) helper function. `strel` is the

> short name for "STRucturing ELement". It works similarily to `Base.reinterpret` but it is indeed a

Reviewer: I don't find the analogy to `reinterpret` helpful, to me `convert` is more common and easier to understand. The key concept in `reinterpret` is that the bitwise representation does not change, and that's clearly not true here.

conversion instead of a reinterpretation.

To convert a connectivity mask representation to displacement offset representation:

```@example concept_se
Ω_mask = Bool[1 1 1; 1 1 0; 0 0 0]
Ω_offsets = strel(CartesianIndex, Ω_mask)
```

And to convert back from a displacement offset representation to connectivity mask representation:

```@example concept_se
strel(Bool, Ω_offsets)
```

Quite simple, right? Thus to make our `my_erode` function more generic, we only need to add one
single line:

```diff
 function my_erode(A, Ω)
     out = similar(A)
+    Ω = strel(CartesianIndex, Ω)
     R = CartesianIndices(A)
```

## Convenient constructors

> Among all the SE possibilities, this package provides constructors for two commonly use cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among all the SE possibilities, this package provides constructors for two commonly used cases:
```

- diamond-like constructor: [`strel_diamond`](@ref)

> - window-like constructor: [`strel_window`](@ref)

Reviewer: Would this be better called "box"?

- window-like constructor: [`strel_window`](@ref)

```@repl concept_se
strel_diamond((3, 3)) # immediate neighborhood: C4 connectivity
strel_diamond((3, 3), (1, )) # along the first dimension
strel_window((3, 3)) # all adjacent neighborhood: C8 connectivity
strel_window((3, 3), (1, ))
```

> These can be used to provide an easier-to-use `my_erode` interface by adding one more method:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Utilizing these constructors, we can provide an easier-to-use `my_erode` interface by adding one more method:
```

```julia
my_erode(A, dims::Dims) = my_erode(A, strel_diamond(A, dims))
```

!!! tip "Performance tip: keep the array type"
    For the structuring element `Ω` generated from `strel_diamond` and `strel_window`, it is likely
    to hit a fast path if you keep its array type. For instance, `erode(A, strel_diamond(A))` is
    usually faster than `erode(A, Array(strel_diamond(A)))` because more information of the `Ω`
    shape is passed to Julia during coding and compilation.

## Performance optimizations and the `strel_type` function

> Thanks to Julia's multiple dispatch mechanism, we can provide all the optimization trick without

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thanks to Julia's multiple dispatch mechanism, we can provide all the optimization tricks without
```

compromising the simple user interface. This can be programmatically done with the help of

> `strel_type` function. For example, if you know a very efficient `erode` implementation for the C4

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the `strel_type` function. For example, if you know a very efficient `erode` implementation for the C4
```

connectivity SE, then you can add it incrementally:

```julia
using ImageMorphology: MorphologySE, SEDiamond

my_erode(A, dims::Dims) = my_erode(A, strel_diamond(A, dims))
my_erode(A, Ω) = _my_erode(strel_type(Ω), A, Ω)

# the generic implementation we've written above
function _my_erode(::MorphologySE, A, Ω)
   ...
end

# the optimized implementation for SE generated from `strel_diamond` function
function _my_erode(::SEDiamond, A, Ω)
   ...
end

# ... and other optimized versions, if there are
```

> In short words, `strel_type` is a trait function to assist the dispatch and code design:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In essence, `strel_type` is a trait function to assist the dispatch and code design:
```
